Tell me about yourself/ Tell me about your background
Why Uber
1. My current role in Microsoft Azure SQL DB team, is contributing the restore service. Database restore usually takes hours to finish and we use statemachine to do event tracking. Cx rarely takes restore to their database and the service highly focus on throughput but latency requirement is not very strict. But Uber requires low latency and high throughput in the same time. And Uber has grown to a huge company today, it proves the scalability and reliabilty of the Uber's system. I really want to join the Uber to learn how Uber design and build such an amazing system.  

Why leaving your current company
from why uber.
Most of time are fixing defect. This can be part of life and important skill but not want to be my whole life.

Your strength
Fast learner. Use known knowledge base to understand unknown. Take responsibility on multiple services
Challenge: Try achieve more. LB improvement. How to leverage the existing metric with new.

Your weakness
Move too fast. Cause a regression. After a self-reflective, I found that I am too earger to deliver a result. I know plan well is == move fast. More haste, less speed. By working with senior engineers, fix the issue and rest of works, Spend more time on discussing the design and code carefully. And think ahead.

Tell me about a project that your most proud of
LB. Self-drive. collaborate with other teams. Host meeting. Propose idea. Almost eliminate restore block deployment issue.

Tell me about the most challenging project you worked on.
upgrade msdb. No one knows in microsoft. self-drive. test and try new methods.

Tell me about a project that you had failed
Design new SOS barrier. less invest most achievement

Tell me about a time you took risk and succeed/failed
Have an incident cx cannot restore. There is an outage. Use LB improve force restore to go to 1 cluster. Risk is all requests go to the same cluster. workload is too high. but succeed. 

Tell me about a time you have to change the status quo
deliver restore progress. have to delay the ETA because want to provide a customer obessed product. Progress can rolled back. 

Tell me about a time you had to deal with tight deadline and you were able/not able to meet the target
deliver restore progress. have to delay the ETA because want to provide a customer obessed product. Progress can rolled back. 
ETA is important but trust is more significant

Tell me about a time you had conflict with your manager/peer/colleagues
I/E. kill request if mem usage is too high. I want to design it to more perfect. Use a complex algo to determine whether to kill. But staff eng wants to keep simple firstly. Hard to mitigation and not scalable. and over engineering.

Tell me about a time you come up with a simple solution to a complex problem
race condition. engine dispatcher. redesign need time to practice and take time. To resolve this complex issue, a simple fix firstly.

Tell me about a time you come up with a new approach to an old problem


Tell me about a time you received negative feedback from your manager
quality, move too fast

Tell me about a time you made a decision without your manager’s approval
mitigate live site issue. The goal is cx obsession and trust on our quality. 

Tell me about a time you had to make a decision when there is not enough data or information
live site. incident. dont have much cx issue. use other service to workaround firstly. and do RCA later. never make any decision you dont know about the outcome. 

Tell me about a time you were assigned a project with unclear responsibility
investigate salesforce. Other engineer should work on. But I asked to investigate. Take ownership. we all own the service. The goal is providing a cx obessed product. drive the investigation meeting. work with PM. Report to cx and receive feedback periodically.

Tell me about a time you had to sacrifice short term gains for the long term goals
dispatcher, design an exception handling dispathcher

Tell me about a time you were 50%/75% on a project and found you have made a mistake and have to change direction
plb. new column. redesign. delay deliver but important to ensure quality.

Tell me about a time you came up with a solution that customer didn’t ask and they end up like it
provide a script to auto mitigation. I/E lib has issue. We dont own. But cx obsessed product. I write a powershell script to mitigate.

Tell me about a time that customer tell you they want something but you know that’s not really what they want
geo -> db copy. cx db get dropped wants to recovery

Tell me about a time you had to convince the team/convinced by the team
restore progress. Send an alert to dev. restore hung. too many edge cases.

Tell me about a project that you have to overcome big obstacle
plb no one knows upgrade.

Tell me about an experience that you have to earn trust/gain buy-in from another group
dynamic folks rely on us to resolve this incident.

Tell me about a time you step outside of your job scope and solved a problem
I/E lib issue.

What is your proudest/biggest innovation
Restore router. Because highly eliminate the number of sev2. Save my teamates and me.

How do you select metric to measure your project success
Result and Cx 1st. Obsessed? user friendly? How teamate evl? How cx evl from CSS and cx. How actual perf

Have you ever learn something new by yourself and end up using what you learn to solve problems at work
dispatcher, exception handling

If you have conflicting goals, how do you make trad-off
cx firtsly, big impact to cx first. 2. livesite issue first then feature improvement

Tell me about a time you have to seek outside help to dive deep on a problem to find the solution
plb

Tell me about a time you decided to take on a project instead of being assigned to you
test quality. assigned to senior folks. But help them leverage. ownership

